(Episode 74)
Why is he putting on this whole show?
There has to be a reason.
In that case, Min Doo Sik,
you've set up a trap...
and are waiting for
anyone to fall into it.
But why?
We have to hurry.
We can't put this off any longer.
We need to move him to a nursing home
or another facility right away.
What if the chairman
has a moment of clarity...
Do you really think that's possible?
It's not completely out of the question.
That's what they say about
dementia patients.
A full recovery is unlikely,
but they can have periods of improvement.
If by some miracle his condition improves
and he has a moment of clarity...
Even if he does,
he can't possibly run the company.
My point is,
during one of those lucid moments,
if he changes his will,
then it's all over for us.
Change his will?
What if the person by his side,
during one of those lucid moments,
convinces him to change
the will in their favor?
And you're saying that person is Lucia?
What are you two doing
in the chairman's office while he's out?
Give me those.
I'll review and take care of them.
Who do you think you are?
Fine. Wait for the chairman
to approve them, then.
You think this is your chance
now that Dad's like this?
So you two are plotting to take over
the chairman's office by camping out here.
And what if we are?
Should we explain why we're doing this?
Lawyer Kim.
The term "legally incompetent" has been
obsolete for a long time.
To be precise, we file a petition
with the Family Court...
to begin adult guardianship proceedings,
which will restrict
the chairman's legal rights.
Of course, with an illness like dementia,
we have no other choice.
As the lawyer, I will lead this process.
And as for...
the chairman's legal guardian,
I still believe CEO Min
is the most suitable candidate.
You two make quite a team.
What would you two have done
if Dad hadn't gotten dementia?
So you're using this as an excuse
to take over as chairman?
- Says who?
- It's an unavoidable decision.
Do you still not understand
what's happening?
(Director Min Soo Jung)
At this rate, is Min Kyung Chae going
to really become the chairman?
No way!
Director Oh, I need to see you.
Is your prior engagement more important
than this?
I'm calling you because this is important!
Is that really true?
The chairman doesn't have dementia?
It is. I couldn't believe it myself.
But what on earth could be the reason?
I'd understand if he'd try to hide it
if he had dementia,
but why fake it when he's perfectly fine?
That's what I can't figure out.
A man like him always has a clear motive
for his actions.
So his doctor must be in on it, too.
That's what Lucia said.
She said the doctor and Min Doo Sik
go way back,
so he wouldn't tell her the truth.
Considering he even deceived CEO Min,
don't you think he's testing his children?
That could be it.
He needs to see which of them is worthy...
before he hands over his position.
But he's been pushing for CEO Min
as his successor all this time.
Why the sudden change of heart?
With the whole marriage to Lucia,
Min Kyung Chae went way too far.
She even orchestrated a kidnapping.
And he knows about Soo Jung's true mother,
so he must have been disgusted with her.
But would he really go that far
just to test his children?
Maybe, but...
I have a feeling...
that's not the whole story.
What?
Not the whole story?
The person Chairman Min Doo Sik
really wants to test...
is someone else.
Who?
Don't tell me... Lucia?
That's why you have to be careful
not to fall for it.
Why would he suspect you again?
I thought all that was over.
Now that I think about it,
I did give him a reason to be suspicious.
What was it?
The contract for Tae Kyung's parents.
The one Min Doo Sik tried to steal?
What about it?
I got caught secretly looking at it
that night.
What are you looking at?
Why did you open that?
You have no business looking in there.
Oh, it's nothing.
I was looking for your medicine
and was just wondering what this was.
Why are you awake?
He moved the contract, which means
it must have been bothering him.
I was wondering why he didn't press me
about it back then.
So that's why that scoundrel
is testing you.
He was so suspicious of you
before the wedding.
He hasn't changed at all.
Now that I know what he's up to,
I won't fall for it.
If anything, he's the one who gets played.
Still, I have to be careful.
If he'd go as far as faking dementia,
it means there's nothing he wouldn't do.
This might actually be
an opportunity for us...
if I can make him disappointed
in his own children...
and get him to rely on me.
Is there anything you need?
There's something I want to tell you,
Chairman.
Of course, you probably won't
understand me,
but I want to say it anyway.
It breaks my heart that you've fallen ill.
Even so,
I'm truly happy being here...
by your side.
I pray for you
to have a miraculous recovery,
but even if you don't,
it doesn't matter to me.
It doesn't matter to me
what condition you're in.
But that doesn't mean I'm giving up.
From now on,
I will do anything and everything for you.
I'll hold a 100-day prayer
for your recovery,
and I'll cook you all the foods
said to be good for you.
No matter what your children say,
I'll stay by your side until the end.
I'll hold on,
even if they try to push me out.
I'm going to take care of you.
I'm not greedy.
There's nothing I want.
When I signed the share waiver agreement,
do you know what I was thinking?
"All I need is you, Chairman."
That's what I truly felt.
That feeling...
hasn't changed one bit.
So you're saying
Lawyer Kim Sun Jae found out everything?
I told the accounting
and finance teams to keep quiet.
What do we do now?
There's nothing we can do.
Lawyer Kim must have inside sources, too.
Now that they know you requested
and received the files,
his side won't just stand by.
It doesn't matter.
They weren't confidential documents,
and I obtained them through
the proper channels.
So I don't need to worry?
Don't give it another thought.
Okay.
So he's your mole.
Watch it. What do you mean by "mole?"
And you call yourself a lawyer.
- Is "your lackey" better, then?
- Unbelievable.
I don't know what makes you so confident
digging into my past,
but there's nothing to find,
so stop wasting your time.
We'll only know if there's anything there
once we actually start looking, right?
Borrowed-name accounts, nominee stocks,
shell companies, a secret ledger...
It's common practice to hide
and launder the chairman's dirty money.
Usually, the right-hand man handles that.
But here's the problem.
When the right-hand man acts loyal,
he deceives him behind his back...
and starts siphoning money for himself.
There are rotten people like that.
What's that supposed to mean?
Are you accusing me of using double books?
I never specifically mentioned you,
Lawyer Kim.
You have some nerve saying such nonsense,
but if you keep this up...
Wait. No way.
- Don't tell me you're...
- Go on.
What is it?
Why stop mid-sentence?
No, it's nothing.
What is it?
I'm outside your house, so come out.
Are you crazy?
What do you think you're doing,
showing up here like this?
It'll just take a minute.
You'd better come out.
Or else I'll tell Chairman Min everything
about us.
What's the point of telling a man
who's lost his mind?
Even if he's not all there,
he won't like hearing that.
So come out while I'm still asking nicely.
I can't believe you came here
to cause a scene.
You think I wanted to come here?
I came here to confirm something.
Confirm what?
What is there for us to confirm?
I'm going to ask you point-blank.
The ledger you stole from me...
Did you really give it to Moon Tae Kyung?
- I don't have to answer that.
- Answer me!
Why? Is he blackmailing you with it?
So you really did give it to him.
How could you do this to me?
How could you?
What are you talking about?
That jerk is blackmailing me
with it right now!
So you got scared of his threats
and came running to me?
Scared? What's there to be scared of?
You two have it all wrong.
That ledger's only useful if he's lucid.
Right now, he's just a senile old man.
Do you think that threat will work?
Then you've got nothing to worry about.
So why are you here?
I'm here to show you
what a stupid mistake you've made.
I was just going to get
Moon Tae Kyung fired and be done with it.
But not anymore.
Now I'm going to finish that jerk.
And as for you,
I'll make sure you waste your entire life
as a nursemaid to that senile old man.
Just you watch.
What's gotten into him?
Here, let me. I'll do it.
You have to get better.
Okay?
I'll make you yourself again
no matter what it takes.
You'll see.
(Mingang Distribution)
There's no reason to wait. Let's act now.
Are you talking about
what to do with my father?
We've done enough preparation.
If we wait, things could go wrong.
Let's get it over with this weekend.
I'll call the nursing home
and have them send people over that day.
Speaking of which,
it looks like Director Min
has a meeting with Director Oh that day.
Soo Jung is meeting with Director Oh?
It's obvious why.
She's probably being told
to win over the board members...
whose support you need for the chair.
She'll always be a thorn in my side.
That's why you need to get rid...
of your sister as soon as
you become the chairman.
- I will.
- And Ji Seop, too.
He's too incompetent to be of any use,
but he could easily become a liability
if he chose to.
- And finally, as for Se Ri...
- Leave Se Ri out of this.
Don't lay a finger on her.
She can't get hurt.
I won't stand for it.
Understood.
Then we need to get everyone else out...
so the chairman will be
the only one left at home.
Take Se Ri and go somewhere
for the weekend.
This weekend?
I'll have Driver Kim take you.
Go somewhere far.
How about the holiday home in Yangpyeong?
Why all of a sudden?
Don't ask why.
Just make sure Se Ri
doesn't get suspicious.
Just act natural
and get her out of the house.
Oh my, what's this?
Sun Jae sent us tickets
for a show this weekend.
What kind of show?
A classical concert.
Premium seats, too.
These tickets must have been expensive.
He sent two tickets for us to go together.
Why all of a sudden?
What's gotten into him?
I know, right? I wonder what's going on.
Speak of the devil.
We were just talking about you.
What's with you? What's gotten into you?
Since when have you been so
thoughtful to us?
What?
You made a reservation where?
That place is
a globally acclaimed restaurant.
You did?
I don't know what you're up to,
but thanks anyway.
- Was that Sun Jae?
- Yes.
He also booked a restaurant for us
so we could have dinner after the show.
He did?
Aren't you even worried
about the chairman?
How can you not even check on him once?
I can come up with excuses
to get the family out of the house,
but the problem is how to get Lucia
away from my father.
Don't worry about her.
I'll take care of it.
Do you have a plan?
I'll make sure she has no choice
but to leave the house.
Because I know her very well.
Why are you looking at me like that?
It's nothing.
How's my father doing?
If you're so worried, you should check
on him at least once a day.
I will.
He's sleeping now, isn't he?
Too bad. I guess I'll start tomorrow.
If that creep Kim Sun Jae finds out
you're investigating him,
he won't just let it slide.
He probably sees the chairman's dementia
as an opportunity.
He'll think the chairman forgot the ledger
along with his other memories.
That's what they call
being too clever for your own good.
When he finds out the chairman...
doesn't actually have dementia,
what's he going to do then?
But...
it's a little strange that CEO Min
is still so quiet.
I agree. It's about time she made a move.
With Kim Sun Jae egging her on,
she won't stay quiet for long.
She'll probably make her move soon.
Look at everyone enjoying the weekend,
but my poor Ja Kyung is
with her father-in-law,
unable to even visit her own dad.
Actually, I heard Ja Kyung is out
with Ji Seop.
Really? Then who's with her father-in-law?
I heard his new young wife, Lucia,
is taking great care of him.
She's doing what his kids couldn't.
She deserves a medal for her devotion.
Goodness, Ja Kyung's father-in-law really
hit the jackpot with his wife in old age.
What good is hitting the jackpot
when he's completely lost his marbles...
and just cooped up in that house?
But who knows?
Maybe with his young wife's devoted care,
he might suddenly snap out of it.
Honey, what would you do
if I got dementia like him?
Would you stay by my side
and take care of me like she does?
What kind of nonsense is that?
Are you crazy? What's to like?
If you get dementia, we're through.
So you'd better keep your wits about you,
Yang Mal Sook.
What can I expect from you, Oh Pan Sool?
You don't have a humane bone in your body.
Don't worry about my sanity.
Worry about your own.
The second you lose your mind,
I'm out of here.
You're a real piece of work.
Looks like the feeling's mutual.
Exactly. Since we can't trust each other,
let's just make sure we both stay sane...
- and see who lasts longer.
- Hey, let go of me!
Come on now.
I told you I didn't want to go.
Why the sudden trip to the holiday home?
It'll be nice to get some fresh air
for a change.
If we go, the whole family should go.
What fun is it with just the two of us?
We can have a nice, private chat
and have a barbecue.
Just the two of us? That's so weird.
But why there, all of a sudden?
Just because.
- Let's just go, eat, and come back.
- We're staying for dinner?
Then no one will be home.
Come on, get ready. Okay? Get up.
All right, great.
What? Wait, is that really true?
The chairman really has dementia?
So what's going to happen
to the chairman now?
He can't possibly stay on as chairman.
Then what about you?
My sister sees me as a thorn in her side.
You think she'll just let me be?
Hold on. If that's the case,
then I won't be safe either,
since I'm on your side.
Exactly.
We're all here to figure out our survival.
So from now on,
it's all up to you, Director Oh.
Do I even have that kind of power?
Then what are you suggesting?
If Father steps down
and my sister becomes acting chairman,
it's over for both of us, Director Oh.
Do you want to just let it end like this?
Look at the time.
You must be hungry.
I'll have them set up lunch.
Manager Gong!
Manager Gong.
Just a moment.
Manager Gong?
Se Ri.
Se Ri's not here either.
Where did they go?
The person you called is unavailable.
Please leave a message after the tone.
The family's all gone now.
It's just the chairman and Lucia at home.
What about the people
from the nursing home?
They're on standby.
The problem is how to lure that woman
out of the house.
I told you, I'll take care of that.
It's me. Let's start.
What's this?
Hello?
This is the Cheonguk Columbarium.
Cheonguk Columbarium?
That's where Mi So is.
What's this about?
We're calling to inform you of a fire
at the columbarium.
A fire?
Is Mi So okay?
The A-wing on the second floor
was completely destroyed in the fire.
We're trying to contact all families
as quickly as possible.
We're going to need you to come down here.
How on earth did you do that?
I've never seen Lucia that frantic before.
Where is she going in such a rush,
leaving Father home all alone?
I have my ways.
Shall we make our move, then?
Now I'm going to do something to you,
Father.
You might see it as something terrible.
But what can I do?
This is our fate.
Perhaps today...
will be the last day of our bond
as father and daughter.
They say when a lion grows old and sick,
it leaves the pride.
So it doesn't show any weakness.
Because in the wild,
the weak are targets for attack.
It hides itself to avoid being attacked.
You should have done the same, Father.
Now that you're so powerless and weak,
how could I possibly not attack you?
Did you know?
Just as there cannot be two suns
in the sky,
Mingang Distribution cannot have
two masters.
Your time is over, Father.
From now on,
the age of Min Kyung Chae begins.
Once you leave this house today,
you will never come back.
Because that nursing home
will be your grave.
You should've known when to quit.
If you'd made me chairman sooner,
none of this would have happened.
You may have created Mingang,
but I'm the one who built it up.
No matter what anyone says,
I'm the new owner of Mingang Distribution!
Please, check on Mi So for me.
What's wrong with your voice?
And what's this about Mi So?
I got a call from the columbarium.
They said her urn might've been damaged.
What? When?
I don't know the details.
I was too flustered to ask.
But getting this call right now
feels suspicious.
What is it that's bothering you?
It might be a coincidence,
but no one's home right now.
I feel uneasy about leaving Chairman Min
all by himself.
Can you check the columbarium for me?
I think I need to head back home.
All right, got it.
I'm sure Mi So is fine.
I'll look into it and call you back.
But why now of all times?
No one's home,
and they lured Lucia out of the house?
Min Doo Sik is there all alone...
Don't tell me...
Yes...
There's something I'd like
to discuss with you.
You're here at the perfect time.
Lucia just got a call
from Mi So's columbarium,
and something seems very off.
Was there a fire last night
at the Cheonguk Columbarium in Paju?
No, I don't think so.
I haven't heard any news about a fire.
Okay, I'll have Tae Joo check
if there was a fire at the columbarium.
You need to go to Chairman Min's house.
There's no one else there.
- I have a bad feeling.
- No one's there?
Don't tell me...
CEO Min Kyung Chae?
What's wrong?
Are you scared,
knowing you're about to be locked away?
But why do I find this so satisfying?
I guess you never imagined
it would end like this, did you, Father?
Is that why you brutally killed Ho Se,
not knowing this would happen?
How could you touch my man
without saying a single word to me?
Who do you think you are?
Now you have to pay the price.
And if you think someone
will come to save you, dream on.
You think Lucia will come running
to your rescue?
She won't.
That woman is never coming.
Come in.
Get off me!
Let go of me, you jerks!
Do you have any idea who I am?
Let go! I said, let go!
What do you think you're doing?
Do you think I'm going to let you
get away with this?
There's nothing wrong with me!
(The Woman Who Swallowed the Sun)
(Subtitles are provided by KOCOWA.)